Add user guide for navigation model (#9)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user_guides/navigation.md

> # How to use navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to use the navigation panel
```

> This guide shows you how to add custom navigation to your dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to use and customize the left navigation panel in your dashboard.
```

> A [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation] lets you arrange and group your pages. In many cases grouping the pages within the dashboard might be necessary. This can easily be achieved by providing `navigation` argument to your dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation] in your dashboard facilitates grouping and navigating through your pages.
```

## Using the default navigation

> By default, the navigation comes as an accordion that has default title of 'SELECT PAGE'. You don't have to configure anything for this type of navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a navigation bar with an accordion item per page and a default title of 'SELECT PAGE' is added to your dashboard. To leverage the navigation bar, you do not need to configure anything on top.
```

!!! example "Adding custom navigation"
    === "app.py"
        ```py
        from vizro import Vizro
        import vizro.plotly.express as px
        import vizro.models as vm

        iris = px.data.iris()

        page_1 = vm.Page(
            title="My first page",
            components=[
                vm.Graph(id="scatter_chart", figure=px.scatter(iris, x="sepal_length", y="petal_width", color="species")),
            ],
        )

>         dashboard = vm.Dashboard(
>                         pages=[page_1],
>                     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        dashboard = vm.Dashboard(pages=[page_1])
```

        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```
    === "app.yaml"
        ```yaml
        # Still requires a .py to register data connector in Data Manager and parse yaml configuration - see from_yaml example
        pages:
          - components:
              - figure:
                  _target_: scatter
                  data_frame: iris
                  x: sepal_length
                  y: petal_width
                  color: species
                id: scatter_chart
                type: graph
            title: My first page
        - components:
        ```
    === "Result"
        [![Dashboard]][Dashboard]

    [Dashboard]: ../../assets/user_guides/navigation/default_navigation.png

> ## Using custom navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customizing your navigation bar
```

You can customize navigation of your dashboard by adding the [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation] model into the `navigation` argument of the [`Dashboard`][hyphen.models.Dashboard] model.

#### 1. Customising accordion title:

> [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation] requires only the `pages` argument, which denotes the grouping of pages in the Accordion. For more information about Accordion component, please refer to the official documentation [here](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/components/accordion/).

Reviewer: Ah okay, now I know what you mean. I would reference the underlying dash component if these docs would help them to configure the model e.g. in the Dropdown we reference the dcc.Dropdown component because dash documentation will help them configure the Dropdown model. 

In this case, the user won't configure the Accordion as this is done under the hood by us. So no need to reference the docs here

> You can customize navigation of your dashboard by adding the [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation] model into the `navigation` argument of the [`Dashboard`][hyphen.models.Dashboard] model.
> 
> #### 1. Customising accordion title:
> [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation] requires only the `pages` argument, which denotes the grouping of pages in the Accordion. For more information about Accordion component, please refer to the official documentation [here](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/components/accordion/).
> 
> - To group the pages under different sections, provide `pages` in a dictionary format, where each key will act as the section title of the accordion.
> 

Reviewer: If there is only one item, no need to number it :) 
Make sure to format below correctly.

```suggestion
If you want to deviate from the default title "SELECT PAGE" and instead provide a title for a group of selected pages, do the following steps:

1. Provide a dict mapping of the page group title and a list of page IDs to the `pages` argument of the [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation]

`Navigation(pages={"First title": ["My first page"], "Second title": ["My second page"]})`

2. Insert the `Navigation` into the `navigation` argument of the [`Dashboard`][hyphen.models.Dashboard]

`Dashboard(
       pages=[page_1, page_2],
       navigation=Navigation(pages={"First title": ["My first page"], "Second title": ["My second page"]})
)
`
```

> !!! example "Adding custom navigation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! example "Customising the navigation panel"
```

        pages:
          - components:
              - figure:
                  _target_: scatter
                  data_frame: iris
                  x: sepal_length
                  y: petal_width
                  color: species
                id: scatter_chart
                type: graph
            title: My first page
        - components:
        ```
    === "Result"
        [![Dashboard]][Dashboard]

    [Dashboard]: ../../assets/user_guides/navigation/default_navigation.png

## Customizing your navigation bar

If you want to deviate from the default title "SELECT PAGE" and instead provide a title for a group of selected pages, do the following steps:

1. Provide a dict mapping of the page group title and a list of page IDs to the `pages` argument of the [`Navigation`][hyphen.models.Navigation]

`Navigation(pages={"First title": ["My first page"], "Second title": ["My second page"]})`

2. Insert the `Navigation` into the `navigation` argument of the [`Dashboard`][hyphen.models.Dashboard]

`Dashboard(
       pages=[page_1, page_2],
       navigation=Navigation(pages={"First title": ["My first page"], "Second title": ["My second page"]})
)

> `

Reviewer 2: If you want to deviate from the default title `SELECT PAGE` and instead provide a title for a group of selected pages, do the following steps:
1. Provide a `dict` mapping of the page group title and a list of page IDs to the `pages` argument of the [`Navigation`][vizro.models.Navigation] model
    ```py
    Navigation(pages={
        "First title": ["My first page"], 
        "Second title": ["My second page"]})
    ```
2. Insert the [`Navigation`][vizro.models.Navigation] model into the `navigation` argument of the [`Dashboard`][vizro.models.Dashboard] model
    ```py
    Dashboard(
        pages=[page_1, page_2],
        navigation=Navigation(pages={
            "First title": ["My first page"],
            "Second title": ["My second page"]})
    )
    ```

                    )

        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```
    === "app.yaml"
        ```yaml
        # Still requires a .py to register data connector in Data Manager and parse yaml configuration - see from_yaml example
        pages:
          - components:
              - figure:
                  _target_: scatter
                  data_frame: iris
                  x: sepal_length
                  y: petal_width
                  color: species
                id: scatter_chart
                type: graph
            title: My first page
        - components:
             - figure:
                  _target_: line
                  data_frame: iris
                  x: sepal_length
                  y: petal_width
                  color: species
                id: line_chart
                type: graph
            title: My second page
        navigation:
            pages:
             First title:
                - My first page
             Second title:
                - My second page
        ```
    === "Result"
        [![Dashboard]][Dashboard]

    [Dashboard]: ../../assets/user_guides/navigation/custom_navigation.png

> After running the dashboard, you can access the dashboard via `localhost:8050`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

# How to use the navigation panel

This guide shows you how to use and customize the left navigation panel in your dashboard.

The [`Dashboard`][vizro.models.Dashboard] model also accepts a `navigation` argument, where you can enter the [`Navigation`][vizro.models.Navigation] model. A [`Navigation`][vizro.models.Navigation] in your dashboard facilitates grouping and navigating through your pages.

## Using the default navigation

> By default, a navigation panel with an accordion item per page and a default title of `SELECT PAGE` is added to your dashboard. To leverage the navigation bar, you do not need to configure anything on top.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a navigation panel with an accordion item per page and a default title of `SELECT PAGE` is added to your dashboard. To leverage the navigation panel, you do not need to configure anything on top.

```

!!! example "Default navigation"
    === "app.py"
        ```py
        from vizro import Vizro
        import vizro.plotly.express as px
        import vizro.models as vm

        iris = px.data.iris()

        page_1 = vm.Page(
            title="My first page",
            components=[
                vm.Graph(id="scatter_chart", figure=px.scatter(iris, x="sepal_length", y="petal_width", color="species")),
            ],
        )

        dashboard = vm.Dashboard(pages=[page_1])

        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```
    === "app.yaml"
        ```yaml

>         # Still requires a .py to register data connector in Data Manager and parse yaml configuration - see from_yaml example

Reviewer 2: Can we split this over two lines (like I think other yaml examples), this avoids the scroll

        pages:
          - components:
              - figure:
                  _target_: scatter
                  data_frame: iris
                  x: sepal_length
                  y: petal_width
                  color: species
                id: scatter_chart
                type: graph
            title: My first page
        - components:
        ```
    === "Result"
        [![Dashboard]][Dashboard]

    [Dashboard]: ../../assets/user_guides/navigation/default_navigation.png

## Customizing your navigation panel

If you want to deviate from the default title `SELECT PAGE` and instead provide a title for a group of selected pages, do the following steps:

1. Provide a `dict` mapping of the page group title and a list of page IDs to the `pages` argument of the [`Navigation`][vizro.models.Navigation] model

> ```

Reviewer 2: These need to be indented to get the numbering of the enumeration correct. I tried to suggest that in the last review, but maybe the formatting messed up.

One good thing to do is to always check documentation rendered, there are two options to do so:
1. `hatch run docs:serve` and follow the local link
2. Check the RTD docs on the PR - this is also great as it shows the docs as they would be built finally
